1	Each BU/ FSC should be using individual user ID and password to connect to WNS production SFTP path
2	Pipe sign (|) should be used as CSV file field separator 
3	WNS SFTP folder path and file naming conventions should be followed as listed under Summary worksheet 
4	Each inbound master file from Oracle will have corresponding control file. Control file name will be same as the original master file name with type ".txt". Control file for inbound file will be blank
5	Invoice outbound file (invoice meta data from WNS AP) will have corresponding control file. Control file name will be same as the original invoice file name with type ".txt". Control file for outbound file will be blank
6	ABS Custom SFTP program should archive invoice outbound file (invoice meta data from WNS AP) and control file into WNS SFTP Archive folder after successful transfer. Refer path details in Summary worksheet
7	Invoice image and supporting documents will be transferred to the specific SFTP paths along with Invoice outbound file from WNS AP platform
8	Invoice image and supporting document file names for each invoice will be included in control file "Control File-AP TRAC to Oracle" as separate records
9	Recommendation is to send across the acknowledgement (success/ failure) for each invoice image and supporting documents separetly. Any failure in file integration with Oracle can be transferred in next load by including failed work registration number information in control file "Control File-AP TRAC to Oracle"
10	"Invoice image file name will be unique WNS AP TRAC registration number with type pdf. First 6 characters will remain fixed
Format: ""AP TRAC Unique Registration Number.pdf""
Example: ABS-AP0000000000000001.pdf"
11	"Supporting document for each invoice will be unique WNS AP TRAC registration number with incremental number and type as applicable. First 6 characters will remain fixed
Format:  ""(AP TRAC Unique Registration Number)_(Incremental Number).(extension)""
Example: ABS-AP0000000000000001_1.pdf, ABS-AP0000000000000001_2.doc, ABS-AP0000000000000001_3.txt"
12	ABS custom SFTP program should archive control file, invoice image and supporting documents generated by WNS AP TRAC into WNS SFTP Archive folder after successful transfer. Refer path details in Summary worksheet
13	Each inbound acknowledgement file from Oracle will have corresponding control file. Control file name will be same as the original acknowledgement file name with type ".txt". Control file for inbound file will be blank file
14	WNS SFTP program will continue to run as per the defined scheduled intervals and keep generating required outbound files. If ABS SFTP program fails to connect to WNS SFTP services at scheduled intervals due to any reason, there can be a situation of having more than 1 outbound invoice meta data file along with control file and respective images
15	Primary requirement is to encrypt vendor master, HR hierarchy and invoice outbound files as these contain PII
16	ABS will encrypt vendor master and HR hierarchy before transferring to WNS SFTP server
17	WNS will decrypt vendor master and HR hierarchy before importing into AP TRAC 
18	Invoice outbound file from WNS AP TRAC will be encrypted by WNS before transferring to WNS SFTP server
19	ABS will decrypt invoice outbound file before importing into Oracle 
20	Encryption/ decryption algorithm and method to be decided and agreed between ABS and WNS
