 

Document Version
Version	Date	Additions/Modifications	Last Modified/Revised by
0.1	26 July  2017	New Draft	             Asif Mulla 
0.2	31 July 2017	Modification	              Asif Mulla

Document Id:	0.2
Document Name:	Parker AP Gateway Architecture and Design Document
Publication Date:	31 July 2017
Prepared By:	Asif Mulla 















Table of Contents
1.	Introduction	1
1.1.	Purpose of the document	1
1.2.	Scope of the document	1
2.	SystemOverview	2
3.	System Architecture	3
3.1.	Inbound Data Processing Flow	4
3.2.	Outbound Data Processing Flow	5
3.3.	EDI Transformation Flow	6
3.4.	Invoice Control File Creation Flow	7
3.5.	Parker Gateway Monitoring Flow	8
4.	TFS Repository	9

 
1.	Introduction
1.1.	Purpose of the document
 The basic objective of this document is to give the users a basic overview of the various modules and functionalities of ParkerAP Gateway.
1.2.	Scope of the document

•	System Overview
•	System Architecture

It is important for all the ParkerAP GatewayUsers to read this document at least once. 


2.	SystemOverview















3.	System Architecture

Level-0 Provide high level diagram describing place of this module with respect to other inputs and outputs. This section would be useful to provide context.













































3.1.	Inbound Data Processing Flow
This level 1 elaboration from following diagram provides the overview of inbound processes.
When we are start processing inbound file, first archive already process file then download rest of the file to local folder and process it. Upload the result to SFTP and send the pending mail.



























3.2.	Outbound Data Processing Flow

This level 2 elaboration from following diagram provides the overview of Outbound processes.
When we are start generating outbound file, it will take data from AP-SP database, Gateway database and generate outbound file. Upload the result to SFTP and send the pending mail.



























3.3.	EDI Transformation Flow

This level 3 elaboration from following diagram provides the overview of EDI processes.
When we are start processing EDI file, first archive already process file then download rest of the file to local folder and then convert EDI file to XML. Upload the result to SFTP and send the pending mail.


























3.4.	Invoice Control File Creation Flow

This level 4 elaboration from following diagram provides the overview of Invoice Control File Creation.
While creating invoice control file, first archive already process file then download rest of the file to local folder and then insert data to gateway database.



























3.5.	Parker Gateway Monitoring Flow























	

 
4.	TFS Repository

In TFS we found the Parker-TRAC-AP lane in that we have created below project

•	ParkerAPDatabase
•	ParkerAPSyncEngine
•	ParkerGatewayDB


ParkerAPDatabase:- 
In the ParkerAPDatabase project we have created Parker AP database, in this we have tables and default script.





ParkerGatewayDB:- 
In the ParkerGatewayDB project we have created Parker gateway database, in this we have tables and default script.

ParkerAPSyncEngine:- 
In the ParkerAPSyncEngine project overall process was done such as Inbound, EDI file processing, outbound file generation, services creation, Monitoring gateway web portal etc. 






				

